EG-2239 (DOC-1657): Refactor Corda OS Tutorials (#403)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.7/hello-world-template.md

{{< tabs name="tabs-1" >}}
{{% tab name="kotlin" %}}
```kotlin
git clone https://github.com/corda/cordapp-template-kotlin.git
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="java" %}}
```java
git clone https://github.com/corda/cordapp-template-java.git
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> Once you have cloned the repository you wish to use, navigate to the correct sub-directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have cloned the repository you wish to use, navigate to the correct subdirectory:
```
